Professional Front-End developer.
Let's make "Success" Together!
I am a responsible and purposeful person, I can easily interact with the development team, because I have experience working in a team, I can clearly follow the deadline without compromising the quality of the code.

I write high quality code, but I also write it with security in mind. I account for any potential malicious attacks and other hacker risks, so you don't have to ever worry about them - All my works come with that guarantee.

A close contact to you is very important for me, to avoid misunderstandings in the development process and to save time on the long end.
Courage, It's not too late to build a better world.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Let's go together!
I love to "wiggle my brains" that's why I decided to be a developer!
university



5 Star ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Preferred Freelancer - Full stack developer, Project Manager, team leader.

I can easily integrate into the project, organize and control the work of the team in Slack, Jira.
Hi, my name is Nikita
I have more than ten years of experience in web development.

Professional Skills:

Programming Languages/Technologies:
Angular
JavaScript
Typescript
Firebase

Frameworks:
Angular

Databases:
Firebase

-Use in projects:
-- Angular
-- BitBucket / Guthub / Gitlab
-- GIT
-- SAAS
-- Node JS
-- Bootstrap 5+


☀ The way a page appears and the design of the website that users see and interact with may make your business fall or grow!

Enthusiastic Front-End Developer who loves to create effective websites and work with businesses to help them grow.

✨ My skills:
✅ JavaScript, EcmaScript 6
✅ React JS, Working with APIs
✅ HTML
✅ CSS, Animations, Flexbox, Grid
✅ D3 JS
✅ Working with Web Audio Api
✅ Responsive Web Design, Working with RTL.
✅ GitHub

✨ Personal Qualities:
✔ Caring about making the business grow.
✔ Ability to understand the needs of the market to determine the best choice according to the type of business.
✔ being up-to-date with new techniques.
✔ high interest to be organized and make the best possible quality.

Making you familiar with what is going on is important to me, so I will be working with you over Trello or any management tool you would like to use.

Always here to apply your ideas and make them successful. If you need any help or even consultation, feel free to contact me.

I truly live by the motto "work smarter, not harder." I feel that is the best way to deliver a client what they need in the shortest amount of time possible.

Hello!
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Who am I?

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 5-Stars Rating for all of my Projects.

My name is Mohammed T. Elgammal and I am a freelance professional front-end developer based in Egypt with 6+ months of experience in front-end web development.

I truly live by the motto "work smarter, not harder." I feel that is the best way to deliver a client what they need in the shortest amount of time possible.

My project delivery will be after 100% self-satisfaction.

What can I offer you?

✨A clean responsive code that will be well displayed in any browser and adapted to any device of any resolution, be it a phone or a tablet, or a widescreen device.

⚡ Fast response and good communication skills.
⚡ Hand-coded, W3C valid, and well-organized/commented code.
⚡ SEO friendly, semantic markup, and load speed optimization.
⚡Testing and cross-browser / cross-device compatibility.
⚡ After-project support.

Technologies I work with?

I consider myself a person who follows modern web development practices and new technologies.
So, this list will be uniformly updated as I never stop learning.

⚡REACT
⚡HTML/HTML5
⚡PUG/JADE Preprocessor
⚡?CSS/CSS3
⚡SASS/SCSS Preprocessor
⚡BEM
⚡JAVASCRIPT/ES6
⚡ANIMEJS
⚡CHARTJS
⚡APIs/JSON/AJAX
⚡GIT/GITHUB







Fixes:
Colours, fonts, headings, margins, height & width.
Sidebars, layout change, navigational issues.
Parallax effects, visual composers, image resizing.
Positions, aligments & arrangements.
CSS, JSS, Jquery, HTML & Bootstrap.
Mobile responsiveness issues, CTA buttons & sizing.
Woocommerce related issues.
Contact forms and subscriptions

About me:
Professional customisation.
100% satisfaction
100% positive feedback
100% communication





Design Top Quality Landing page / Home Page Design + Responsive HTML

*Unique, High quality and Professional Design
*One Page PSD Design + Fully Responsive (HTML5/CSS3 ) Web Page
*3 original and unique design concepts until you are 100% happy
*UNLIMITED revisions and color options based on your requirements and branding
*Full Icon / Image package that is used in the Mockup
*A full package including all the source files
*Professional customer service and communication at all times
*Bootstrap responsive framework
*Fantastic value for money


Fully responsive website with compatibility with Android and IOS

SEO Friendly Structure

Dynamic admin area

Security Plugin to encrypted the data

Online Marketing

Maintenance.
Here are some past work examples for you to see.


We will also cover the below points on the website

1. We will make the website responsive on all devices

2. We will take care of the securities issues of the website

3. We will make website speed good on mobile and desktop

4. We will make the website structure SEO friendly

5. We will make the website modern and attractive as per current trends.


I’m a Web UI/UX Designer and Front End Developer based in Odisha, India. 
I specialize in building responsive websites and single-page applications with HTML & 
React and also have backend experience working with PHP and Template Design. Take a look at some of my works, 
and if you like them, feel free to contact me. Let’s create something WOW!


My passion for coding and designing is ready to sky-rocket your business in the technical market. I am a professional expert in WordPress, Shopify and UI/UX, Wix, and Squarespace, the world's top leading CMS system. Having experience of more than 5 years in this field, I have never missed any deadline and have always worked to accomplish given targets in a limited timeframe. I am a quick learner and always excited about handling new projects. I am proud of my strengths in time management, work ethics, and discipline.

Without any fear of meeting the deadlines, I make clients' satisfaction my topmost priority and continually work to complete their demands; efficiently and effectively. I have gained the highest 94% in Job Completion and have been tremendously rewarded for my work.

My Specialties:
------------------
Wordpress
✅ Custom WordPress Site Development
✅ HML5/CSS3 to WordPress Theme
✅ Theme Customization (Like Salient Theme, Divi Theme, Avada Theme)
✅ Plugin Customization
✅ WordPress Multilanguage/Translate Setup,
✅ WordPress Page Speed Optimization
✅ Divi Theme / Divi Builder / Divi Child Theming
✅ Custom WordPress Themes and Plugins
✅ WordPress Child Themes
✅ Performance and Speed Optimization
✅ PSD to WordPress
✅ Advanced Custom Fields (ACF Pro)
✅ Custom Post Types

Shopify
✅ Set up Shopify Store.
✅ Set up a Drop-shopping store.
✅ Customizing any free or premium theme.
✅ Customizing your existing Shopify theme.
✅ Make a custom option on your website.
✅ Building a new Custom Shopify Theme.
✅ Setup and Integrating with Apps.
✅ Shopify Store Development
✅ Shopify themes customization and modifications
✅ Implementing of custom functionality into existing theme
✅ Custom Functionality
✅ Fix CSS, HTML, Liquid and JavaScript.
✅ Fix Design Issues.
✅ Fix any bugs
✅ Add variant products.
✅ On-Page SEO.
✅ Also, create a Shopify store from scratch.

↗️ Web Design
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
◆ Desktop and Mobile Web Page Mockups
◆ Landing Pages
◆ Conversion Based Design

↗️ Web Development
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
◆ HTML5 / CSS3 / Sass SCSS
◆ JavaScript / jQuery / Angular.js
◆ PHP / MySQL
◆ Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
◆ Frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation)
◆ PSD to HTML

A few of my skills for creating captivating websites of the highest quality include:
↗️- Figma
↗️- XD , Zeplin
↗️- Graphics
↗️- Photoshop
↗️- Illustrator
↗️- CorelDraw
↗️- Bootstrap
↗️- Responsive Design
↗️- HTML
↗️- Shopify Apps, Templates, Themes and many more

Terms of services
↗️ 100% Customer Satisfaction
↗️ Perfect 5 star reviews!!
↗️ Guaranteed Refund if not satisfied
↗️ Good communication availability 24/7




Good code is Short, Simple and Symmetrical - the challenge is figuring out how to get there.
Here for the picky ones who require A+ quality Web, Mobile, Photoshop and e-commerce solutions.
My results oriented does not allow me to stop working on your project until completion.

Why us?: We work fast, we follow instructions, we maintain quality, we are reasonable and we love to work with the same client again and again.
My 5+ years experience includes:
"sapotacorp did amazing work. Not only did he stay up considerably later than he should have working on this, but he was very professional, 
and well mannered throughout the entire project. I've hired many people on Freelancer in the past, but am beyond impressed by sapotacorp's work. 
It was a fantastic experience, and I will definitely be hiring sapotacorp for my future projects. A+++ Freelancer.
 Highly encourage anyone who wants professional work done to hire him." - Verilscriptz, Australia

"Sapotacorp was excellent to work with and I totally recommend them to complete any task you need done.
 Tasks were completed on time and was always willing to fix any extra problems I had. 
If you are having difficulties trying to choose which company to work with please go with Sapotacorp. " - JPIJapan , Japan




✨✨✨ Welcome to Everyone ✨✨✨

I am Maya from Russia and an experienced full-time developer.
Thanks for visiting my profile!
As I am an experienced Web developer in Javascript framework and PHP framework.
I have 9+ years of experience with website development, customization so on...

I am good versed in JavaScript libraries & Frameworks such as React/Redux, Vue.js, AngularJS, Angular, Node.js Express and PHP Frameworks such Laravel, CodeIgniter and python frameworks such as Flask and Django.
I also have good skills in web scraping.

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐✨✨✨✨✨⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐✨✨✨✨✨⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Here are my top skills:
✅ Javascript
-React/Redux
-Vue.js
-Angular
-Node.js and Express.
etc.

✅ PHP
-Laravel
-CodeIgniter
etc.

✅ CSS Library(Sass, Less), HTML(XHTML, HTML5), Website Mobile Response

✅ Python
- web scraping: BeautifulSoup, Selenium, Scrapy
- gui : tkinter, pyqt5
- web: flask, django

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
Specially I have much experience in Web development.
I worked on many web projects on the IT Master Company(Russia IT technical Company).
I spend my time making the world of IT more beautiful.
I will do my best to satisfy clients. I promise quick turnaround times, unlimited revisions, great customer service, and 100% quality work.

Thank you for looking at my profile.

A logical and creative thinker who has over 8 years of rich experience in web, mobile development and enjoys learning new languages, 
frameworks, and technologies in general. excited to be part of the future of the technology industry and my outstanding organizational 
skills will play an essential role to keep code DRY and as refactored as possible. The satisfaction of solving problems is what drives 
me to be a better programmer. My business background combined with the entrepreneurial spirit can be utilized for aligning profitable goals when programming.

[ Perfect result | Best Quality | On-time Delivery ]
Looking for any web assistance. I am the ultimate solution.

I'm a Professional Web UI/UX designer and frontend coder. Web designing is not only my job role it's my hobby and passion. I always focus to give perfection and work quality in every project that I have done till now. My main focus is to learn and use new skills in every projects.

For the Web UI/UX designing i use modern tools which are perfect for the current industry standard. For the fronted development my focus is to do the task with the new and most healthy frameworks which will be best for that project.


Provide help even after the project has been marked as Closed.
Most easy to communicate.
Given the best to every projects.

Lets the "Flow Run In Proper Way"



❤️ Hi dear ❤️
Thank you for taking the time to visit my portfolio.
My name is Lelizaveta from Ukraine and I am working as a Web/App developer(Design, Front-end, Back-end).
I'm a Web/App Developer with extensive experience in building high-quality sites, marketplace, and web applications.
I can take the burden from you and plan a visual strategy to best show off your strengths – whatever the subject matter.
My best practices include considering all options available towards getting your idea live.
When I work on a project, I strive for excellence and 100% client satisfaction.

✪-------> Major Skills.
✪---->Design.
->Logo design(illustrator, photoshop).
->web/app design(Figma Xd PSD...).

✪----> Front end.
-->HTML & CSS, Preprocessors(SASS and LESS).
-->Bootstrap(V-3 ,4, 5), tailwind.
-->JavaScript, jQuery.
-->JS frameworks (including Angular.js, Vue.js, Ruby on Rails, React.js).
-->RESTful Services and APIs.
-->100% mobile responsive and animation.
-->source code and design that clean, fast, modern.

✪----> Back end
-->Development Languages: Laravel, PHP, Java, Node.
-->Database and cache: MySQL, MongoDB, Oracle, SQLServer.
-->Server: Apache, Nginx, IIS servers, Microsoft IIS.
-->API (REST & SOAP).

✪----> CMS Solutions
-->Squarespace
-->WordPress

✪-------> service
-->Full-time developer (40+ hours per week).
-->Meet client requirements.
-->Unique and creative designs.
-->100% on-time delivery of the product.
-->I can work in your time zone. So we will have good communication.
-->Update the result every week.
-->100% ongoing satisfaction with your project.
-->Provide the result with high quality.
-->Free Bug-Fix support for 2 months after completion.

I will do my best in order to realize your ideas into reality.
It's important to me to build a long-term, reliable relationship with clients, so I'm primarily looking for long-term projects.

Thanks & Regards. Lelizaveta.



Hello!
I am a professional for the Web so have a nice experience in
- React/Next/Vue as Frontend
- Laravel/Node as Backend
Also, I can enough work on the platforms like Git, Jira, Slack and, bitbucket enough and am very familiar with using the Figma/Zipline/XD/PSD designs.
This is also base able to support the creative design on the project.
I had started with common web frontend skills 8 years ago is really growing to the professional level now in the web & mobile field.
Specially I have worked for 3 years with React skill and am focus to Next.js technologies recently.
Therefore, I think that I can implement enough of a system you want with my skills and ability.
With many works for previous jobs, I am able to prove confidently my skills and ability.
Please contact me. I am ready always for you.


Looking for new opportunities to work with established business owners who want to transform and enhance their web presence to grow their company.
I am responsible for the development and quality of the project by using today’s technology. 
I can help you with the following skills to achieve your goal.

Strong skills:
* E-Commerce (Magento1 & Magento2)
* Frontend Development(HTML, Javascript, CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery)
* JavaScript libraries (React.js, Vue.js, Angular.js)
* Javascript Backend Framework(Node.js, Express.js)
* PHP Framework(WordPress, Laravel, CodeIgniter)
* Database(MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Firebase)
* Web Design

I am familiar with building clean, efficient, well-documented, well-structured, high-quality code projects. Also, I am very well-versed in the agile approach in project development and really love to add my creativity to the overall project implementation.

Let's talk about how I can help your business grow better.

Experienced web developer with extreme attention to details and desire to make a website visually appealing. Using best practices, I provide clean, validated, pixel-perfect, responsive and top quality code. Have a big experience working on websites with creative and complex layouts.  The quality of performed work is in the first place for me.

Specially I have much experience in Web development.
I worked on many web projects on the IT Master Company(Russia IT technical Company).
I spend my time making the world of IT more beautiful.
I will do my best to satisfy clients. I promise quick turnaround times, unlimited revisions, great customer service, and 100% quality work.